today we compare two types of
ovens we say for better than a2 brands of
marsili forni 12 May
sf tract one while the other is the
hd movie 21
let's start from the smeg oven first of all
let's look at the structural features
this oven to the main
feature of having a cake with a
glass mounted without any screws
which makes it much easier to clean
and certainly also very trigiani co
glass can even be taken apart in
so you can clean it a lot more
easily even under running water
but let's say the features
the main ones of this oven are six
types of
cooking then as you can see a
between knobs one to adjust the timer
to adjust the temperature then up
at most 250 degrees and these instead
in which it is divided into six functions
main
then one is the pizza function that
matches the fan and resistance to
cricket plus resistance then the sole
resistance that is down here on
operation of the fan precisely
combined both the grill and the resistance
lower ensures homogeneous cooking
even for complex ideal recipes not
only for pizzas but also for
for biscuits and cakes
then we have cooking this kind of
cooking that is static cooking that
that in short is the most classic and the
heat comes both from above and from
low and makes this system suitable for
cook any kind of food we say
but unlike other types of
culture that we saw then indicated for
one dish at a time for example for
roasted stuffed bread cakes
or especially for meat
then we have the resistance
then grill the heat that comes from
green allows you to get excellent
grilling results above all
precisely with medium and small meats
thickness and in combination with others
functions where these are provided as
for example some types of always
smog oven provided for the rotisserie after
green culture we have the fan more
the sole resistance and then a cooking
delicate and in short, to choose
especially in case you don't
want to warm the surface superficially
let's say the food but maybe you need to
warm it up and not wanting to increase it
top cooking comes
is lit on the underside and the
fan which therefore makes a little more
uniform heat within the del
oven then we have the fan plus the
green resistance and this is above all
we say recommended for a tour grill
optimal even for large foods
thick especially large cuts of
meat and sweetens the I sell it
fan turning the sweets conceals the wave of
heat coming from the grill and then
makes it a little more tenuous
the last one is the fan with the most resistance
sky and sole resistance and the
operation of the combined fan
to traditional culture ensures
homogeneous culture also in recipes
complex ideal especially for i
then leavened biscuits and cakes that
can be cooked in this case
even more on more levels
precisely because the heat comes from
from top to bottom and with the fan there
just an absolute homogeneity of
temperature inside the oven
about the cooking and pizza mode
this oven in particular to like
optional and inside the stone
refractory then the special stone
refractories plus pizza making do in
so that in just three or four minutes or
at most 5 if it is really
much more stuffed pizzas much more
challenging
the product has a cooking reaches
an optimal cooking supplied with
this product you will find a basin
40 mm deep often a grid the
refractory stone which is this that yes
sees knox here writes the
refractory stone and a scoop for
Pizza
now we analyze more in detail
instead the siemens hd 21 oven before
we all say that it is a class except the
20 percent and an internal volume of
67 liters
the main feature of this
oven are the five cooking functions
in fact with multilevel cooking that
you see here that inside open at 5
different heights with cooking
multilevel relation of the united fan
to the circular resistance it creates a jet
hot air that spreads every iron
evenly inside the oven
thus ensuring a temperature
homogeneous of each level and with rosita
then really cooking results
very good
in this way they can also be cooked
you can even think of cooking different
flat and simultaneously without
mixture of smells and tastes a
another feature that is that of
rapid heating 15 you get to
depending on the temperatures up to a 40
percent savings
in terms of time for heating
as for the interior also in
this case the walls and the oven are
coated with an electrified enamel
which makes cleaning much easier
of the oven and in the same case precisely
as in the smog
also in this case the door ea
all glass and then with a simple one
movement take off this part and the
glass can be removed and washed
separately in order to clean it better
and to be able to treat it also in a way
best in the box below you will find
the link to these two products in which
you will be able to see them again
features and know the prices